README.md, before:

Quantum Drift Nexus (QDN)
<img width="992" height="751" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b739ff67-91fd-4604-a224-e2381d60a054" />

**Overview**

The Quantum Drift Nexus (QDN) is a next-generation architecture for autonomous, self-sustaining hybrid computational systems.
This project introduces a novel approach to quantum computing by **reframing quantum noise as a computational resource** rather than an obstacle.
The architecture unifies energy harvesting, adaptive computation, and holographic information encoding into a closed-loop system designed for resilience and scalability.

**Core Innovations**

QDN integrates four foundational principles:

1. Self-Sustaining Energy Generation
Thermal rectification using graphene and metamaterials harvests ambient energy.

2. Noise-Adaptive Computation
Hybrid quantum-classical stack with biologically inspired modules that adaptively route computation through noisy environments.

3. Holographic Data Encoding
Non-local encoding across braided entanglement networks for inherent error resistance.

4. Unified Waveform Continuum
Treats energy, computation, and data as a single waveform, enabling seamless system-wide coherence maintained by continuous feedback control.

**Key Performance Metrics**

Early simulations (Qiskit-based) demonstrate measurable resilience improvements:

Simulation Task	Baseline Fidelity	QDN Fidelity	Improvement
Bell State	0.936	0.978	+4.5%
QFT	0.843	0.913	+8.3%
Grover Search	0.792	0.885	+11.7%

Note: Results based on 1024 shots with correlated noise models. Code and notebooks provided in the simulations/ folder ensure reproducibility.

**Project Structure**

quantum_drift_nexus.md
 — Complete architectural blueprint

simulations/
 — Qiskit-based simulation examples

diagrams/
 — Visual representations of QDN architecture

papers/
 — Related research and theoretical foundations

**Getting Started
Prerequisites**

Python 3.8+

Qiskit 0.42.0+

NumPy, Matplotlib, SciPy

**Installation**

# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus.git
cd Quantum-Drift-Nexus

# Install dependencies
pip install -r simulations/requirements.txt

**Running Basic Simulations**

# Example of running a QDN noise-adaptive circuit
from simulations.qdn_qiskit_example import create_qdn_circuit, run_with_noise

# Create a 2-qubit QDN circuit
qdn_circuit = create_qdn_circuit(num_qubits=2, noise_level=0.05)

# Run with and without QDN adaptive correction
results = run_with_noise(qdn_circuit)
print(f"Baseline Fidelity: {results['baseline_fidelity']}")
print(f"QDN Fidelity: {results['qdn_fidelity']}")

**Roadmap**

**1. Phase I (Current):** Qiskit/Cirq simulations with noise models (2–5 qubits)

**2. Phase II:** Extend to 7–10 qubits, exploring complex correlated noise

**3. Phase III:** Integrate reinforcement-learning-based noise management

**4. Phase IV:** Explore feasibility of graphene-based rectification prototypes

**5. Phase V:** Investigate distributed deployment with quantum-secure communication

**Contributing**

We welcome contributions from the quantum computing community!
Please see our Contribution Guidelines
 for style and process.

**License**

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License — see the LICENSE
 file for details.

**Citation**

If you use QDN concepts in your research, please cite:

@misc{thomas2025qdn,
  author       = {Thomas, Leena},
  title        = {Quantum Drift Nexus: A Canonical Architectural Blueprint},
  year         = {2025},
  publisher    = {GitHub},
  journal      = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus}}
}

Contact
Leena Thomas - GitHub
Project Link: https://github.com/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus/main?labpath=notebooks%2Fqdn_demo.ipynb)

Commit message:

Added links for Interactive Demo, Website, RL simulations

README.md, after:

Quantum Drift Nexus (QDN)
<img width="992" height="751" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b739ff67-91fd-4604-a224-e2381d60a054" />

**Overview**

The Quantum Drift Nexus (QDN) is a next-generation architecture for autonomous, self-sustaining hybrid computational systems.
This project introduces a novel approach to quantum computing by **reframing quantum noise as a computational resource** rather than an obstacle.
The architecture unifies energy harvesting, adaptive computation, and holographic information encoding into a closed-loop system designed for resilience and scalability.

**Core Innovations**

QDN integrates four foundational principles:

1. Self-Sustaining Energy Generation
Thermal rectification using graphene and metamaterials harvests ambient energy.

2. Noise-Adaptive Computation
Hybrid quantum-classical stack with biologically inspired modules that adaptively route computation through noisy environments.

3. Holographic Data Encoding
Non-local encoding across braided entanglement networks for inherent error resistance.

4. Unified Waveform Continuum
Treats energy, computation, and data as a single waveform, enabling seamless system-wide coherence maintained by continuous feedback control.

**Key Performance Metrics**

Early simulations (Qiskit-based) demonstrate measurable resilience improvements:

Simulation Task	Baseline Fidelity	QDN Fidelity	Improvement
Bell State	0.936	0.978	+4.5%
QFT	0.843	0.913	+8.3%
Grover Search	0.792	0.885	+11.7%

Note: Results based on 1024 shots with correlated noise models. Code and notebooks provided in the simulations/ folder ensure reproducibility.

**Project Structure**

quantum_drift_nexus.md
 — Complete architectural blueprint

simulations/
 — Qiskit-based simulation examples

diagrams/
 — Visual representations of QDN architecture

papers/
 — Related research and theoretical foundations

**Getting Started
Prerequisites**

Python 3.8+

Qiskit 0.42.0+

NumPy, Matplotlib, SciPy

**Installation**

# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus.git
cd Quantum-Drift-Nexus

# Install dependencies
pip install -r simulations/requirements.txt

**Running Basic Simulations**

# Example of running a QDN noise-adaptive circuit
from simulations.qdn_qiskit_example import create_qdn_circuit, run_with_noise

# Create a 2-qubit QDN circuit
qdn_circuit = create_qdn_circuit(num_qubits=2, noise_level=0.05)

# Run with and without QDN adaptive correction
results = run_with_noise(qdn_circuit)
print(f"Baseline Fidelity: {results['baseline_fidelity']}")
print(f"QDN Fidelity: {results['qdn_fidelity']}")

**Roadmap**

**1. Phase I (Current):** Qiskit/Cirq simulations with noise models (2–5 qubits)

**2. Phase II:** Extend to 7–10 qubits, exploring complex correlated noise

**3. Phase III:** Integrate reinforcement-learning-based noise management

**4. Phase IV:** Explore feasibility of graphene-based rectification prototypes

**5. Phase V:** Investigate distributed deployment with quantum-secure communication

**Contributing**

We welcome contributions from the quantum computing community!
Please see our Contribution Guidelines
 for style and process.

**License**

This project is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License — see the LICENSE
 file for details.

**Citation**

If you use QDN concepts in your research, please cite:

@misc{thomas2025qdn,
  author       = {Thomas, Leena},
  title        = {Quantum Drift Nexus: A Canonical Architectural Blueprint},
  year         = {2025},
  publisher    = {GitHub},
  journal      = {GitHub repository},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus}}
}

Contact
Leena Thomas - GitHub
Project Link: https://github.com/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus

## Interactive Demonstrations

Try our [interactive QDN demonstration](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus/main?labpath=notebooks%2Fqdn_demo.ipynb) to explore how noise can be utilized as a computational resource.

## Project Website

Visit our [project website](https://leenathomas01.github.io/Quantum-Drift-Nexus/) for a comprehensive overview of QDN.


## Reinforcement Learning Adaptation

The `simulations/qdn_rl.py` module demonstrates QDN's bio-mimetic adaptability through reinforcement learning, optimizing circuit parameters in response to environmental noise.

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/leenathomas01/Quantum-Drift-Nexus/main?labpath=notebooks%2Fqdn_demo.ipynb)
